This project uses React components and useState hook. The Dashboard components unifies all the components. It displays the statisics about priority and status on the top of the page by using the tasks state. Tasks state is being updated every time the user has an interaction with the tasks such as updating or deleting. The app has a form that has some validation. The validation is handled when submitting the form. The title must be not empty and the date can not be backwards. The app features a few filters. The filtering can be done using the drop down menues for status and priority features. The tasks displayed can also be sorted accordning to the due date from oldest to newest and vs. There is also a search bar that filters the tasks by comparing the input to the titles of the tasks.

The challenges were related to filtering. It was at first difficult to filter and handle all the user interactions such as adding new tasks or deleting. I solved this issue by creating a plan on how the data flow works. Another issue I face was using a useEffect hook in the TaskList component when it was not nesseccery. I spent a lot of time making it work with useEffect then after a day came back to the problem and realized that it was not nessaccery. The class helped with that as I learnt that useEffect is used for external data not for props. So I reaslized that there must be a better way which was really easy to figure out after having the inital code with useEffect.

The Dashboard componenet creates 